{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red93\green93\blue93;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c43922\c43922\c43922;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 1. Victoria\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Renee has been with the Old Bisbee Ghost Tour for over 9 years! She is our Ghost Host on the Old Bisbee Ghost Tour and Copper Queen Ghost Hunt. You might have read about her on our {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g31171-d947798-Reviews-Old_Bisbee_Ghost_Tours-Bisbee_Arizona.html"}}{\fldrslt \ul TripAdvisor.com}} reviews! She became interested in the paranormal as a young child, because she grew up in a haunted house. Renee went to OTIS College of Art and Design. While in college she developed a love for ghost folklore after taking a fairy tale and folklore class. Renee received her Bachelor of Fine Art Degree in Toy Design with a minor in Fashion Design. She spent eight years working in the toy industry before moving to Bisbee to become our Ghost Host. After spending years collecting the ghost stories from Tucson, Tombstone, and Bisbee, Renee has authored the book Southern Arizona's Most Haunted. She is currently working on her second book. Renee is also an artist, selling her artwork, jewelry and clothing online at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.sweetmidnight.com/"}}{\fldrslt \ul Sweet Midnight}}. She has been given the honor by the Bisbee Chamber of Commerce as the only Ambassador to the Ghosts and Spirits of Bisbee for her work in preserving their stories and history. Renee is known around Bisbee as Nay, Nay Nay, The Ghost Lady and the Bisbee Unicorn! When not on the tours Renee can be found in her carnivorous plant garden, being creative in her studio which is a vintage Cree camper she turned into a Glamper, driving around town in one of her hearses\'a0 singing show tunes, or traveling around the country selling her amazing creations.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
2. Lee\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Lee has lived in many different areas across the United States and Europe during his life.\'a0 However, he has lived in southern Cochise County for the past 40+ years.\'a0 His interest in the paranormal began at an early age when he was recruited to tell \'93ghost stories\'94 at summer camp in grade school.\'a0 He has spent many hours over the years exploring Bisbee and supporting various civic and social organizations.\'a0 Lee is our Haunted Pub Crawl host as well as leading Ghost tours through the back streets and alleys of Old Bisbee and Evergreen Cemetery.\'a0 He and his wife enjoy among other things history, traveling, museums, music, exploring cemeteries, helping to run the Cochise County Fair and reading.\'a0 (He often has 3 books going at the same time.)\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 3. Jennifer\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Victoria grew up mostly in southern Arizona and always had a fascination with the paranormal. As a child she believed an entity lived under her bed that required her to jump on and off the bed after dark to avoid being grabbed by the ankles and drug into darkness. Victoria traveled the world and was fortunate enough to have lived in Abu Dhabi for 2 years and England for 3 years. She is fascinated with Bisbee and its ghost filled historic buildings. Victoria has immersed herself in Bisbee's culture and has become a part of this spooktacular community.\
Victoria can be found guiding mortals on the Old Bisbee Ghost Tour!\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 4. Kara\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ghost Host Jennifer has had a passion for the paranormal long before any TV shows existed. Why this love of ghosts? She has no idea! Jennifer is happy she followed her dreams and moved out west where she can work in a field she is so fascinated by. Jennifer is happiest reading a good book (you would die of frightful envy over her Nancy Drew collection).\
Jennifer can be found hunting for the ghosts on the\
\'a0Ghost Hunt of Old Bisbee and Copper Queen Ghost Hunts as well as guiding our guests through the spooky streets of Bisbee on the Old Bisbee Ghost Tour.\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 5. Renee\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Kara was born on Fort Huachuca and spent her childhood in Southern Arizona, much of it in Bisbee. She spent these years living across from Bisbee's Evergreen Cemetery where she played regularly as a child. She graduated from Bisbee High School and continued on to Cochise Community College, finishing her education in visual arts and elementary education at Northern Arizona University and Pima College. Kara spent much of her adult life living overseas and explored many ancient sites and burial grounds including many places in the Mediterranean. Her love for the paranormal started as a young child when her mother, a true believer, would take her to explore the cemeteries of Southern Arizona. Kara returned to Bisbee a few years ago and spends time studying the history of Bisbee's amazing past and walking the secret pathways and stairways of this historic town. Love for storytelling and the haunted happenings of our small town led her to become a Ghost Host!\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \
}